Travis's interviews he is the best the
one and only the unrivaled interviewer
from the NLCS what I read it on reddit
and I'm gonna say I think you also do a
wonderful job always keep it up well it
is the second day of MSI 2018 I'm joined
right now by shocks with coverage
presented by me to talk to her MSI I
don't have a sponsor how how's this
event been for you so far so far there's
only been one but there's only one game
so far yeah exactly yeah I say really
good today we're is really good overall
it's been really good I've actually been
working the studio at MSI in general for
two weeks now so yeah energy left also
dropping just a little bit but every
time the group stage starts you know
that you just know there's gonna be
upset there's no things are gonna get
crazy so yeah hanging in there and the
weather is absolutely beautiful I bet
you didn't expect that coming to Europe
it was not beautiful until literally
like 15 minutes ago and in fact there's
just the worst because we're shooting in
the shade because it's so bright out
fake news plus you wanted to be outside
so no no I'm not blowing you up I'm just
saying like I actually it would have
been nicer if it was not I had a big fan
of Berlin
I'm not a big famous America and North
America is losing it's not great but I
will say I don't think you've got not
much chance as yet till I go out and
maybe see stuff and we'll do that the
next couple of days so hopefully you'll
enjoy it here bit why what are we gonna
do well there is a colleague of ours
it's birthday so we're just gonna have
some pizza and possibly a couple of
beers
downtown which is very beautiful and
yeah I think you'll come around you'll
come around to Europe okay service to
Europe as a whole one of these days on
this trip Travis you'll finally be into
Europe
I like Europe I'm really looking forward
to Paris I like Perce a lot some Berlin
you know we're kind of out in the
boonies a little bit with the studio
yeah this is your sauce very far which
is like it's it's nice that everything's
here because it's very for us
we know where everything is like we know
how the studio works and how to get
everywhere sometimes when you get to a
new venue that's kind of confusing but
on the other hand psych doesn't feel
that adventurous you know but sleeping
in my own bed is very cool at the end of
a long day yeah and I don't mean to
sound too dour I've been having a good
time it sucks that North America is
losing but it's it's really fun to see
just sort of MSI again and sort of see
some of these big teams go off one thing
that's been really exciting to me to
watch is the Vietnam play a team play
and I am kind of curious what your take
is on them I think it's cool that again
Vietnam is showing up because we have
the Gigabyte Marines and we talked about
them so much but I feel like even though
it's the same kind of aggressive style
from Evo's it's still different from the
environment at the Gigabyte Marines also
had these crazy drafts sometimes and
this is purely taking in gauges or
taking making decisions that it if the
game was to play correctly shouldn't be
taken which i think is what always
throws analysts off as well as well the
teams playing against them and I just
love it and it's just showing more and
more why Vietnam is a region to be
feared yeah now what's it like for you
meeting up with all the the casters and
folks again I mean obviously you got
your EU guys here by these international
events always like it's kind of like a
back-to-school moment wherever you know
everybody comes back together so what's
that been like for you this event that
is so fun and that's why I think it's a
bit sad that I'm like I go home so you
don't get that like oh you're gonna
shout all together you eat together I
mean that's possible of course but it's
a bit less but it is still very nice to
see everyone as always captain flowers
is now there more regularly and he is
just an absolute blast he's just a ray
of sunshine constantly bringing the
energy even tiring himself out before he
has to cast so it's always very fun it's
got a lot of energy yeah he does have a
lot of energy which is important for a
play-by-play caster regardless and him
and Coby really yeah hit it off they
feed off each other too much I don't
know too much it's fun okay now what
what are you looking forward to
throughout the rest of the event like
anything in particular that's got you
high maybe like the Paris part or
anything yeah Paris for sure I just
think also it's five days of group stage
we always forget that MSI is this a
single longest event it internationally
and maybe even across a lot of things
where there's six games a day for five
days in a row you mean the LPL does play
a lot of games too so the fact that
we're going to get more upset
gonna get crazy the fact that fnatic is
playing Team Liquid later and no matter
what your preconceptions are about any
game that you and in a play it always
turns on his head and it always becomes
super hype all the fans get riled up and
it's salt fest so it's gonna be great
North America is gonna get a win against
finale I wouldn't yeah I have to say
that you know I know it's we were always
fun and we're bantering about you versus
Annie and I'm very happy that you got a
better start today but I don't know I
just feel a bit bad for Team Liquid to
be honest I really hope that they can
kind of turn it around and that they can
if they have to leave that they can
leave what a head held high because
these players are better than this like
the team is better than this right so I
hope they just need that one win then
maybe that's fanatic yeah maybe this
will find out by the time this interview
goes live what let's take a step out
from MSI because you and I get to see
each other a couple times a year and I'm
kind of curious like what what has life
been like for you since worlds because
that was I think last time I saw you or
shortly after what's what's but life
been like how's the season this year
treating you all that I think this has
been one of the best years kind of ever
for the u.s. yes I think it was a
perfect storm of the studio like the
analysts a set is new and we really
wanted it to be new and we really wanted
it to have more possibilities to just
show what we wanted to do we really
refocused on stories and I know that the
community picked up on that and we did
we overdid it a little bit but I do
think it's a balancing act and it's good
that we took that step forward and
focusing more on the specific stories
and specific players that we wanted to
tell and I think for me specifically I'm
happier with the way I told stories in
the way I in general handled the analyst
set and the analyst desk and the
analysts I've been focusing a lot on
personal improvement and sometimes if
you do things I think you can relate
four six seven years sometimes you you
can't see where the improvements are
maybe you're not getting the right
feedback you're reading the wrong
feedback and you can get really down on
yourself and I'm really happy with this
year that I've been able to kind of
refocus and be better well you've had
Laura join the cast kind of this year as
well what's that been like for you
that's been awesome I mean I hadn't
so many interviews here locally but
we've had to play by place doing and to
be fair they are quite good at doing it
as well like Draco Sun medic pirate but
it's been cool to have a specific
interviewer and law really she prepares
so much for every single interview she
is so focused constantly and she does as
things learns obviously English is not
her first language so that's that's
gonna take a while to be perfect but the
fact that she feels very comfortable and
can convey that in the interview is
great now normally it's hard for me to
get more than one interview with you at
these international hunts I was actually
thinking though we'll see if I can get
it through right or not but you know
that I speak French I heard my
friendship yes yeah como se como saw
what so whenever we get to Paris maybe
we can do a short interview and French
and you're gonna see as well my French
is really rusty right now I like early
yes I feel like any time anybody like
somebody shows up and like speaks you
know Mandarin or something to you and
you just like bust it out yeah I think
because I've been focusing on my German
so much my German is a really good level
of conversationally and French is kind
of in the in the background so it's
nicely but I with you I'll guide it yeah
so we'll see if we'll see if we can pull
it off yeah d'accord
indeed Jemm la francais anyway I know I
know bro Daenerys wants to shoot outside
he's just such a control freak I don't
know how happy you are to see you were
just as happy that that frodan is here
as well yeah okay just as happy bro can
you hear that yeah he's not he's not
sure I'm trying to think if there's
anything else we should we should get
into before all the stuff builds off or
for a Paris but is there anything that
you want to say to any of the fans out
there as always watching Travis
interviewers Travis's interviews he is
the best the one and only the unrivaled
interviewer from the NA LCS what I read
on reddit and I'm gonna say I think
you're also do a wonderful job always
keep it up thank you for that pat on the
back really glad to be here you were
obviously one of the major reasons to
get excited about coming and visiting
MSI
so thank you so much for the interview
for for everyone else you could check it
you can check out the rest of my
coverage and well thanks sorry it's just
this is always how it ends you know I'm
trying to interview somebody and they
just go for the hug and then you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel according to my YouTube
statistics about half of you that watch
for these interviews are subscribed
which is awesome because it used to be
like 33% but a ton of people have
subscribed in the past year which is
great I would love to see that never get
a little bit higher so maybe you can't
hit up the support page maybe you can't
hit up the patreon but subscribing to my
channel super helpful and I would love
to see it happen so if you're interested
in my content please do that otherwise
thanks for watching